#summary Key concepts behind the TownMe GeoAPI: Entities and Views

*The TownMe! GeoAPI exposes data in two ways: entities and views*

=Entities=

Entities are things in the world. Entities can be physical things (ex. a business, a statue or a park), as well as arbitrary demarcations (ex. a neighborhood or a school district). Each entity has:
  * name: entity name (ex. Ritual Roasters)
  * type: entity type (ex. listing). Currently supported types are listed below 
  * geom: entity geometry as a valid geojson^(1)^ object. Can be a single point (a statue) or a polygon (a park).
  * guid: string that uniquely identifies an entity (ex. Ritual Roasters in San Francisco, CA has the ID ritual-coffee-roasters-san-francisco-ca-94110. This always means one thing, and is a permanent identifier of that business).
  * canonical url: pretty canonical url at townme.com.

(1) [http://geojson.org/] - Note that geojson format represents coordinates as (longitude,latitude) -- a common source of confusion for people used to thinking in terms of (longitude,latitude)

The currently supported list of entity types are:

|| city || over 20K US cities ||
||neighborhood || US neighborhoods ||
|| business || 16+ million US businesses ||
|| POI || various points of interest such as the Golden Gate Bridge ||


=Views=

Views are collections of data about entities. The view data associated with a specific entity can be a blob containing arbitrary data. The data within a single view should follow a consistent format (most frequently a JSON-formatted string with a predefined list of attributes). 

For a limited set of developers, we are offering the ability to have a custom writable view that allows you to associate data with entities. If you are interested in gaining access to a writable view, please [http://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?formkey=dGJscE5kWmc1ZjVDUzFQUW8yMmdNa0E6MA submit your information] and we'll try to accommodate your request.

The currently supported list of views are:

=listing=

  * entity types: business
  * description: normalized business detail information
  * data format: JSON
  * data fields:
    * name: Business name
    * address: Business address
  * uri: Canonical TownMe uri
  * listing-url: Business url
  * hours: Hours of operation (array of tuples `[days, hours, type]`)
  * verticals: Business categories (array of canonical business types)
  * features: Business features - possible values are:
    * Alcohol
    * Credit Card OK
    * Delivery
    * Noise: Quiet
    * Noise: Loud
    * Open Late
    * Outdoor Seating
    * Parking
    * Price: Cheap
    * Price: Moderate
    * Price: Expensive
    * Romantic
  * chain: business chain (ex. jamba-juice)
  * phone: Phone number (format is (xxx) xxx-xxxx)
  * web-wide-rating: Aggregate web-wide TownMe rating (out of 5.0)
  * sips: Statistically Improbably Phrases (ex. "hipsters" for Ritual Roasters in San Francisco). These are phrases/words we think are unique/interesting for that business.

*example*
{{{
{
  "hours": [
    [
      "Mon to Fri", 
      "6:00am to 10:00pm", 
      ""
    ], 
    [
      "Sat", 
      "7:00am to 10:00pm", 
      ""
    ], 
    [
      "Sun", 
      "7:00am to 9:00pm", 
      ""
    ]
  ], 
  "features": [
    "Credit Card OK", 
    "Price: Cheap"
  ], 
  "chain": null, 
  "address": "1026 Valencia St, San Francisco CA 94110", 
  "uri": "/ritual-coffee-roasters-san-francisco-ca-94110", 
  "verticals": [
    "food-and-drink:coffee-houses", 
    "restaurants"
  ], 
  "phone": "(415) 641-1024", 
  "world-wide-rating": 4.0, 
  "sips": [
    "soy latte", 
    "espresso", 
    "hipsters", 
    "blue bottle", 
    "mission", 
    "coffee shop", 
    "baristas", 
    "cappuccino", 
    "outlets", 
    "foam"
  ], 
  "listing-url": "http://www.ritualroasters.com", 
  "name": "Ritual Coffee Roasters"
}
}}}